Welcome to Modest Tastes Cuisine
we will share a fish recipe in this section
"The mackerel"
But let's take a look at the list of materials before you want
8 pieces of medium size horse mackerel
3 pieces of medium size tomatoes
4 cloves of garlic
2 bay leaves
1 coffee cup with olive oil
1 teaspoon black pepper
and salt
For the above; 10-15 branches of parsley
After the list of materials ...
Let's start the process by chopping our garlics
mixing bowl
we cut the tomatoes into thin cubes
1 coffee cup on olive oil ...
adding some salt and pepper
we confuse
enough
now we are getting our trustee ...
and a little olive oil
headwashing weavers
we leave half of the material we prepare on
the rest of the mackerel in the same way
left over the remaining materials
bay leaves to remove the smell of a little tear
and placing them on the edges
we are closing the cover of our trustee ...
keep in refrigerator for at least 1 hour
yes our fish has been rested for 1 hour, watered
Now, before we put it on the fast fire
to cook on a 10-minute quick-fire
will look after the water if necessary add
and we'll shorten
10 minutes have passed, we probably won't have to add water
watered, now bring to half fire
and cooking for half an hour
Yes, half an hour
now we're looking, yes cooked
close the cover again
and rest after 10-15 minutes
yes our mackerel moth
now we can offer service now
Let's take it
Let's get another one
sprinkle some parsley on
a few slices of lemon ...
service
In this section we are delicious and delicious as well as healthy ...
we shared a recipe; "The mackerel"
if you try
already enjoy